# README



[Example from this link](https://www.railstutorial.org/book/toy_app#sec-planning_the_application) 


## 1. First to create data model:

The typical first step when making a web application is to create a data model, which is a representation of the structures needed by our application. In our case, the toy app will be a Twitter-style microblog, with only users and short (micro)posts.


The combination will constitute a Users resource, which will allow us to think of users as objects that can be created, read, updated, and deleted through the web via the HTTP protocol.

Rails scaffolding is generated by passing the scaffold command to the rails generate script. The argument of the scaffold command is the singular version of the resource name (in this case, User), together with optional parameters for the data model’s attributes

# rails generate scaffold User name:string email:string

there is no need to include a parameter for id; it is created automatically by Rails for use as the primary key in the database.

to migrate the database using 

# rails db:migrate


Rake is Ruby make,
Before Rails 5, Ruby on Rails used Rake extensively, so for the sake of legacy Rails applications it’s important to know how to use it. Probably the two most common Rake commands in a Rails context are rake db:migrate (to update the database with a data model) and rake test (to run the automated test suite). In these and other uses of rake, it’s important to ensure that the command uses the version of Rake corresponding to the Rails application’s Gemfile, which is accomplished using the Bundler command bundle exec. Thus, the migration command

  $ rake db:migrate

would be written as

  $ bundle exec rake db:migrate
  
  
  Start the app:
  $ rails server